Update kommander air-gapped installation docs to use new airgapped flag (#4131)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/2.2/install/air-gapped/index.md

## Install on Konvoy

> 1. Create the [configuration file][kommander-config] by running `kommander install --init --airgapped > install.yaml` for the air-gapped deployment. Open the `install.yaml` file and validate that it looks similar to below, with `${VERSION}` replaced with the actual version number:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create the [configuration file][kommander-config] by running `kommander install --init --airgapped > install.yaml` for the air-gapped deployment. Open the `install.yaml` file and review that it looks like the following, with `${VERSION}` replaced with the actual version number:
```

Author: :+1:
